---
layout: post
title: release 2.1.26
category: administration
tags: release
published: true
---

# Release 2.1.26

Release ***2.1.26*** introduces a couple of fixes and some new features. 

> [Get last release](https://github.com/nilsteampassnet/TeamPass/releases)

## Main Changes

### Security

An arbitrary file download web vulnerability has been discovered and was patched by denying access to the `downloadFile.php` without authentication.

Fixes related the implementation of `OWASP CSRF Protector Project` library which securises Teampass against Cross Site Request Forgery.

Security fixes on some missed queries and on non-protected text fields.

### Improvement of Syslog entries

Shown and clipboard copied passwords are now send to Syslog.

### Upgrade script manager

A new script manager for upgrades has been created in order to secure future upgrades.

### NEW ROLE - Rights Manager

`Human Resources` role has been introduced. It permits a User to manage all Users independately of his/hers group.
Notice that he will be also promoted to Manager role, and that he will not be able to change an existing administrator.

### Automatic password change on remote server

This new feature permits to change the password of a remote server (**only Linux**) using an SSH connection.
It is enabled through the Settings page.

It works as described below.

- Based upon field `url` starting with prefix `ssh://`, the script knows what server to connect to.
- Based upon fields `login` and `password`, the script knows what credentials to use to update the remote server.

Now follow next steps:

- Display the details of the Item in Teampass
- Select option `Update server's password`
- A new dialogbox will be displayed
- You can select either `One shot change` or `Automatic mode`
- Enter the credentials to permit the Teampass script to get authorize through SSH
- Launch the change

Teampass will perform next things:

- Get connected to the remote server through SSH
- Generate a new automatic complexe password (if you decided to go on with `automatic mode`)
- Launch a linux command to change the password of the user
- Close SSH connection
- Store the new password in database (if you decided to go on with `automatic mode`)

## Github tickets

The complete list of changes tracked in Github are available in `changelog.md` file.
